adds AS error code documentation to README (#8203)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/attestation-service/README.md

### Error Responses

Here is a list of the error codes and messages returned by the Attestation Service and what they mean. In addition to the error codes listed below, the service also returns `500` for `Unknown Error`.

#### 422, Unprocessable Entity

- `Mismatching issuer, I am ${address}` - The attestation request references an issuer address that does not match that of the AS that actually received the request.
- `NO_INCOMPLETE_ATTESTATION_FOUND_ERROR / 'No incomplete attestation found'` - The Attestations contract has no record that this AS was randomly assigned as an issuer for the given account/identifier pair.
- `ATTESTATION_ERROR / 'Valid attestation could not be provided'` - A call to validateAttestationCode in the Attestations contract has failed. This method checks that (1) there is a non-expired incomplete attestation assigned to the issuer whose signature constitutes the given attestation code.
- `'Invalid securityCodePrefix'` - A security code prefix with an incorrect length was provided in the attestation request.
- `'Invalid smsRetrieverAppSig'` - The provided smsRetrieverAppSig does not match the regex `'^[\\w+]{5,12}$'`

> - `'Attestation can no longer be re-requested'` - The user is re-requesting an attestation that the AS thinks was completed too long ago for it to accept the re-request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `'Attestation can no longer be re-requested'` - The user is re-requesting an attestation that exceeds the Attestation Service's time boundary from last attempt.
```
